CLASSIC BUBBLE SHOOTER PRIVACY POLICY
This Privacy Policy explains how information about you is collected, used and disclosed by Pinka Ltd. and its partners (“Pinka,” “we” or “us”). This Privacy Policy applies to information we collect when you use our websites, mobile applications and other online products and services (collectively, the “Services”). This Privacy Policy does not apply to the information collected from: (1) web-based applications that are based on our mobile applications but are published by third parties or (2) mobile applications that we distribute on behalf of third parties and which are hosted and operated by such parties.

We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make changes, we will notify you by revising the date at the top of the policy and, in some cases, we may provide you with additional notice (such as by adding a statement to our homepage or mobile applications or by sending you an email notification). We encourage you to review the Privacy Policy whenever you access the Services to stay informed about our information practices and the ways you can help protect your privacy.

Collection of Information

Information You Provide to Us

We collect information you provide directly to us. For example, we collect information when you create an account, manage your user profile, participate in any interactive features of the Services, participate in a promotion or survey, request customer support or otherwise communicate with us. The types of information we may collect include your name, email address and comments and other contact or identifying information you choose to provide.

Information We Collect Automatically When You Use the Services

When you access or use our Services, we automatically collect information about you, including:

Device Information: We collect device-specific information when you access our Services from a mobile device, including your hardware model, operating system and version, unique device identifiers, mobile network information and country.

Information Collected by Cookies and Other Tracking Technologies: We may use various technologies to collect information, and this may include sending cookies to your computer or mobile device. Cookies are small data files stored on your hard drive or in device memory that helps us to improve our Services and your experience, see which areas and features of our Services are popular and count visits. For more information about cookies, and how to disable them, please see “Your Choices” below. We may also collect information using web beacons (also known as “tracking pixels”). Web beacons are electronic images that may be used in our Services or emails and help deliver cookies, count visits, understand usage and campaign effectiveness and determine whether an email has been opened and acted upon.

 

 

Other Information Collected with Permission: Our mobile applications that are distributed through various “app” stores may also request permission to automatically collect other information from your mobile device, including your email address. We may only collect this information with your authorization in accordance with your device operating system’s permission process.

Information We Collect From Other Sources

We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Services. For example, if you create or log into your account through a social media site, we will have access to certain information from that site, such as your name, account information, profile picture, phone number, email address, gender, date of birth and friends lists, in accordance with the authorization procedures determined by such social media site.

Use of Information

We may use information about you for various purposes, including to:

Provide, maintain and improve our Services;

Provide and deliver the products and services you request and send you related information, including confirmations and invoices;

Send you communications about products, services, offers, promotions, rewards, and events offered by Pinka and other companies, and provide news and information we think will be of interest to you;

Send you technical notices, updates, security alerts and support and administrative messages;

Respond to your comments, questions and requests and provide customer service;

Monitor and analyze trends, usage and activities in connection with our Services;

Personalize and improve the Services and provide advertisements, content, suggested connections or features that match user profiles or activities;

Process and deliver contest entries and rewards;

Link or combine with information we get from others to help understand your needs and provide you with better service; and

Carry out any other purpose for which the information was collected.

Pinka is based in Israel and the information we collect is governed by Israeli law. By accessing or using the Services or otherwise providing information to us, you consent to the processing and transfer of information in and to Israel and other countries.

Sharing of Information

We may share information about you as follows or as otherwise described in this Privacy Policy:

With vendors, consultants and other service providers who need access to such information to carry out work on our behalf;

With other users of the in connection with the social features of the Services. For example, your username, profile picture and the virtual content you have accumulated in a game may be visible to other users of that game. Additionally, information that you provide in your account registration for a forum and your forum comments may be available to other forum users.

In response to a request for information if we believe disclosure is in accordance with any applicable law, regulation or legal process, or as otherwise required by any applicable law, rule or regulation;

If we believe your actions are inconsistent with the spirit or language of our user agreements or policies, or to protect the rights, property and safety of Pinka or others;

In connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of company assets, financing or acquisition of all or a portion of our business to another company; or

With your consent or at your direction, including if we notify you through our Services that the information you provide will be shared in a particular manner and you provide such information.

We may also share aggregated or de-identified information, which cannot reasonably be used to identify you.

Social Sharing Features

The Services may offer social sharing features and other integrated tools (such as the Facebook “Connect” button), which let you share actions you take on our Services with other media, and vice versa. The use of such features enables the sharing of information with your friends or the public, depending on the settings you establish with the entity that provides the social sharing feature. For more information about the purpose and scope of data collection and processing in connection with social sharing features, please visit the privacy policies of the entities that provide these features.

Analytics, Advertising and Other Services Provided by Other Companies

We may allow third parties to serve advertisements in connection with our Services, to provide analytics services and provide you with other services, such as rewards programs and tournaments. These third parties may use cookies, web beacons, your account information (that you set up with these third parties) and other technologies to collect information about you on our Services and other websites and online services, such as your IP addresses, identifiers associated with your mobile device or applications on the device, the browsers you use to visit our Services, pages viewed, time spent on pages, links clicked, and conversion information. These third parties may also share this information with their customers and clients. This information may be used by Pinka, and these other companies and their customers and clients, to analyze and track data, determine the popularity of certain content, deliver advertising and content targeted to your interests, and better understand your usage. Some of these third-party analytics and advertising services offer you a choice to opt out the collection of and/or sharing of this information; links to the opt-out mechanisms for the third parties that offer such a choice can be found in the “Your Choices” section below. This Privacy Policy does not apply to, and we are not responsible for, third-party cookies, web beacons, or other tracking technologies.

Security

Pinka takes reasonable measures to help protect information about you from loss, theft, misuse and unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration and destruction.

Your Choices

Push Notifications

With your consent, we may send push notifications (or “alerts”) to your mobile device to provide game activity information, service updates, promotional communications and other related messages. You can deactivate push notifications by changing your notification settings via your device.

Promotional Communications

You may opt out of receiving promotional messages from Pinka by following the instructions in those messages or by contacting us at yanixon@gmail.com If you opt out, we may still send you transactional or relationship messages, such as those about your account or our ongoing business relations.

 

Third Party Analytics and Advertising Services

We have identified the provider names of some of the third-party analytics and advertising services we use. Please see the links below to learn more about the data practices of our third-party service providers (including opt-out mechanisms they may offer):

 

AdColony: http://privacy.adcolony.com/opt-out

Flurry: https://dev.flurry.com/secure/optOut.do

Mobile App Tracking (MAT): https://optoutmobile.com/optOut

Fiksu: https://www.fiksu.com/privacy-policy

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us at: yanixon@gmail.com
